Rendering changes (#1108)
telerik/blazor-docs: upgrade/rendering-changes/3-4-0.md

---
title: 3.4.0
description: Handle the rendering changes in the 3.4.0 release of the Telerik UI for Blazor components.
page_title: Rendering Changes in 3.4.0
slug: changes-in-3-4-0
position: 1
---

# Rendering Changes in 3.4.0

## "k-state" CSS classes

Previous to the 3.4.0 version we used `k-state-*` CSS classes to denote that the state of an HTML element happened. As part of the 3.4.0 release, we remove the `state` segment of that classes. 

>caption A list of all changed "k-state" classes

> | Pre-3.4.0        | 3.4.0      |

Reviewer: Didn't we change some of these for 3.0?

Author: I have seen an issue for 3.4.0 where I took the list of classes. Maybe I must investigate where exactly these classes were changed.

|------------------|------------|
| k-state-focus    | k-focus    |
| k-state-focused  | k-focused  |
| k-state-hover    | k-hover    |
| k-state-hovered  | k-hovered  |
| k-state-selected | k-selected |
| k-state-disabled | k-disabled |
| k-state-invalid  | k-invalid  |
| k-state-active   | k-active   |

## Dialog

> * Added `k-dialog-wrapper` CSS class to the topmost HTML element.

Reviewer: It will be good to mention which is the element (e.g. `div.k-dialog` if that's the one), so that a person can more easily see what new selectors will be possible to use.

Author: It is just a div.k-dialog-wrapper, no other classes, the topmost div

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `k-dialog-wrapper` CSS class to the outermost HTML element, which holds the modal overlay and the dialog instance.
```
